# DafWarden

This project provides a passphrase generator application that allows users to create secure passphrases using passphrase fragments. Passphrases generated by this application can be customized based on the user's preferences, such as length and inclusion of special characters.

## Features

- **Passphrase Generation**: Generate passphrases using a collection of passphrase fragments.
- **Customization**: Customize the length of the passphrase and choose whether to include special characters.
- **Interactive Interface**: Provides a user-friendly command-line interface for generating passphrases.

## Getting Started

To get started with using the passphrase generator, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository**: Clone this repository to your local machine.
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/DafDev/DafWarden
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Directory**: Enter the project directory.
   ```sh
   cd DafWarden
   ```

3. **Build and Run**: Build and run the application using .NET Core CLI.
   ```sh
   dotnet build
   dotnet run
   ```

4. **Follow On-Screen Instructions**: The application will prompt you to enter the desired passphrase length and whether to include special characters. Follow the on-screen instructions to generate your passphrase.

## Dependencies

- [.NET Core](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) - The project is built using .NET Core, a cross-platform framework for building applications.

## Usage

Once the application is running, follow these steps to generate a passphrase:

1. Enter the desired passphrase length when prompted.
2. Choose whether to include special characters by entering 'y' or 'n' when prompted.
3. The application will generate a passphrase based on your inputs and display it to you.
4. Optionally, you can choose to generate another passphrase or exit the application.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/improvement`).
3. Make your changes and commit them (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/improvement`).
5. Create a new Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

